README.md, before:

# docker
This is the Git repo of the official Docker image for SideChannelMarvels.

The Docker image aims to provide an easy way of setting up an environment where all Side-Channel Marvels are
already in the right place. Building the image with this Dockerfile will download all required libraries
and build the tools.

## Requirements
- Docker (tested on 1.10.2)

## Build instructions
~~~
docker build -t scamarvel . 
~~~
Builds the `scamarvel` image. If you want a clean rebuild without using the Docker cache, pass `--no-cache` additionally.

~~~
docker run -it scamarvel 
~~~
Starts the container. Everything should work from there except visualization. In order to view X windows it is required
to set the correct display variable, mount the X11-socket and the Xauthority file into the image:

~~~
docker run -e DISPLAY=$DISPLAY -v /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix -v $HOME/.Xauthority:/root/.Xauthority -it scamarvel
~~~

To leave the container, simply type `exit`. zsh and vim are preinstalled, if you require further packages simply install them
via apt-get (you need to run apt-get update first in order to retrieve the package lists)

Commit message:

Split Dockerfile. Rebuilding the tools doesn't require rebinstalling and rebuilding dependencies anymore

README.md, after:

# docker
This is the Git repo of the official Docker image for SideChannelMarvels.

The Docker images aim to provide an easy way of setting up an environment where all Side-Channel Marvels are
already in the right place. Building the images with this Dockerfiles will download all required libraries
and build the tools.

## Requirements
- Docker (tested on 1.10.2)

## Build instructions
First, build the scamarvel base image. It contains all required packages from the Debian repositories
and downloads and builds vanilla PIN and Valgrind distributions without the SCA marvels.

~~~
docker build -t marvelsbase ./marvelsbase/
~~~
Builds the `marvelsbase` image. If you want a clean rebuild without using the Docker cache, 
pass `--no-cache` additionally.

The build of the `scamarvels` image fetches latest git and rebuilds the tools:
~~~
docker build --no-cache -t scamarvels ./marvelslatest
~~~
The `--no-cache` option here is required to force a rebuild because Docker's cache is not aware of git changes in the
repositories.

~~~
docker run -it scamarvels 
~~~
Starts the container. Everything should work from there except visualization. 
In order to view X windows it is required to set the correct display variable, 
mount the X11-socket and the Xauthority file into the image:

~~~
docker run -e DISPLAY=$DISPLAY -v /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix -v $HOME/.Xauthority:/root/.Xauthority -it scamarvels
~~~

To leave the container, simply type `exit`. zsh and vim are preinstalled, 
if you require further packages simply install them via apt-get 
(you need to run apt-get update first in order to retrieve the package lists)
